*Wiggle, wiggle* *Wiggle, wiggle* The moon burns. There, dreams become real. *Twingle, twingle*
Hey, hey. Hey, hey. The moon shakes. Again, I’ve just escaped
*Dizzy, dizzy* I touch the moon; it’s cold. I was there
*Flap, flap* I disappear in the moon; I melt on the surface. Something disappeared, but what?
Before I realize, inside the wind, the stars wave. I hear someone talking
In front of me, as if lined up, they started walking. I am here
But, but, but they’re standing in a row. Yes, they were connected
Facing each other, but forming a line, ah, the rabbits got serious
Mountain rabbits, rabbits at left, soaring rabbit, cute rabbit, hanging their heads
Black rabbits, green rabbits, kickass rabbit, silent rabbit, excited
Horned rabbits, skinny rabbits, silent rabbit, immobile rabbit, becoming red
Floating rabbits, jumping rabbit, dancing in the sky, noble rabbit, rabbits *crackle crackle*!
*Spin, spin* *Spin, spin* The moon turns. There, I hear “He he”
Hey, hey. The moon shakes. Again, I’ve already escaped
*Waver, waver* *Waver, waver* Burning in red. There, on my way home, I’m cold
Hey, hey. Hey, hey. The moon shakes. There, in front of me, crouching
*Dizzy, dizzy*I touch the moon; it’s cold. I was there
*Flap, flap* I disappear in the moon; I melt on the surface. Something disappeared, but what?
But, but, but they’re standing in a row. Yes, they were connected
Facing each other, they step forwards, ah, the rabbits got serious
Before I realize, inside a dream, stars appear. They were so beautiful
In front of me, as if lined up, they started walking. They are everywhere
But, but, but they’re standing in a row. Yes, they were connected
Facing each other, but forming a line, ah, the rabbits are flying
CRASH!　We can do it!　To the escape! Our daily life is already over
SPARK!　We can do it!　To the escape! The daily life I can see
MOVE!　We can do it!　To the escape!  Our daily life is already over
FLASH!　We can do it!　To the escape! Our daily life fulfilled
White rabbits, yellow rabbits, soaring rabbit, cute rabbit, hanging their heads
New rabbits, jealous rabbits, kickass rabbit, silent rabbit, excited
Newborn rabbits, screaming rabbits, silent rabbit, immobile rabbit, becoming red
Brave rabbits, stern rabbit, dancing in the sky, noble rabbit, rabbits *crackle crackle*!